[Miles] Attention. Happy Valley.
This is Miles Dale again.
Fighting has spread throughout the base.
Public places are not safe.
Come on. This way. Hurry up.
Just out by the main entrance.
Just over to the loading dock. Go. go!
If you're not actively engaging
invading forces.
you should shelter in place.
Lock your doors. And be careful.
Have you heard from your daughter?
I'm sorry.
HVC is out there trying to save people.
but we are outnumbered and outgunned.
Radio's not working.
so we are relying on wired intercoms.
From what we can tell.
they have already taken control
of the hopper landing pads
and more troops are landing
near the agrodomes.
As for the rest. we do not know.
We gotta make a move.
We can't keep playing defense.
[Lee] It is clear from map.
All their units are advancing here.
To MOCC.
Our volunteers have done their best.
but they don't have the arms.
they don't have the numbers.
they don't have the training
to defend this base.
What. we should just give up?
Of course not. but you cannot keep
on the same course either.
You must keep in mind bigger picture.
War is simply politics by other means.
Remember.
if Happy Valley can hold on long enough.
even a couple of days.
then there may be a resolution.
A couple days?
I don't know if we have a couple hours.
Have you heard from your people in Moscow?
I sent my contact a request
that they move immediately.
but I've heard nothing.
Aleida. have you been able to reestablish
comms with our satellites?
They're still not responding.
I'm trying everything I can.
but the M-6 has blocked
all communications.
Those fucking bastards.
They're not the only ones
who led us to this moment.
- What are you saying?
- I'm saying…
that everyone in this room bears
some responsibility too.
Including myself.
It's easy to start a war.
but it's almost impossible to stop one.
So while you're busy trying to figure out
how to take people's lives.
please let me focus on saving some.
You do what you have to do.
and I'm gonna do what I have to do.
because I have a crew
that are gonna be stuck on Titan for good.
Unless I figure out
how to reestablish comms.
Listen. I know this feels hopeless.
but we gotta keep moving forward.
It's the only way.
We just gotta be smart about it.
If we can't beat them with man power
or artillery. we've got one advantage.
This is our home.
We know it better than they do.
So if we can cause confusion. chaos.
we might have the ability
to turn this thing around.
We're changing signage around the base
so they don't know where they are.
[Miles] Good. Good.
Could do what they did in Jamestown.
Suck the pressure out of the modules
and make them go where we want them to go.
Where they're vulnerable.
This spot is best for ambush.
We take up positions
along the Main Street.
Let them come in.
then send our fighters in after them.
They will be surrounded
and have no choice but to surrender.
[Fumiko] That might work
to deter their assault.
but it won't take care of
their command unit or their reserves.
They will find a way to counterattack.
Unless we use our other advantage.
Me.
They still think that you have me hostage.
This is another tactical advantage.
In what way?
You get them to rescue me.
And I will demand to be taken
to their command.
You will track me.
And I will take you right to the target.
And then what?
Then…
then we'll take them all out.
[sighs]
[reporter] What we know at this point
is that hours ago.
a force of M-6 aligned troops began
an assault on Happy Valley Base.
Because of a planet-wide
communications blackout.
we don't know much more at this time.
but here on Earth.
the fallout has been swift.
At the UN. delegations from China.
Brazil. Pakistan. and other ISN-aligned
nations condemned the action.
Over 80 countries joined ISN's
condemnation of the M-6.
which also threatens to undermine
the fragile peace agreements
in several hot spots around the world.
Presidents Bragg and Korzhenko
issued statements
vowing that the conflict with Mars will
be brought to a swift and decisive end.
Many national security experts
share concern
that a military operation of this scale
in space is uncharted territory.
and could put the world on an unavoidable
course to a broader conflict.
In financial news.
it was another turbulent day on…
[banging on door]
They're here.
Showtime.
Show us your hands!
- Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
- [Marine] Hands in the air!
- [Marine] Against the wall!
- [Haskell] Up against the wall!
- Drop your weapons.
- Drop it. Against the wall. Go.
[soldiers clamoring]
Wait. wait!
I am Governor Leonid Polivanov!
- [soldier 6] Hands up!
- [Avery] Don't move. Drop it.
[Haskell] Don't look at me.
look at the wall.
[Menshikov. in Russian]
We hoped we'd find you. Governor.
[in English]
This is the governor of Happy Valley.
[in Russian] Thank God
this nightmare is over. [chuckles]
[Fleming. in English] Bring him over here.
They held me captive here.
[Fleming] Governor.
Take me to your commanding officer.
I'd like to offer my services
in whatever way I can.
- You fucking asshole.
- [Fleming] Quiet!
Cedar. take the governor to HQ.
Right away. Sergeant.
Right this way. sir.
[Fleming] Haskell. Jarrett.
take the others to prisoner holding.
Let intel sort 'em out.
[Avery] Sergeant.
[Irina] He's on the move.
Think he can pull this off?
Comrade Polivanov
has always been resourceful.
[Miles] I hope you're right.
- [radio static crackling]
- [Kelly] Sojourner. Away-1.
Have you received
the updated launch profile from MOCC?
Sojourner. Away-1.
- Do you copy?
- [Elena winces]
[grunts]
Hang tight. Elena.
We'll bandage you up
in a few minutes. okay?
Sojourner. Away-1. Anything from MOCC?
[radio static continues]
Damn it.
How's she doing?
Um. okay. I think.
She's German.
so not like she'd tell me either way.
but she's got a hell of a cryogenic burn
where her suit was punctured.
What's the status of our O2?
The climb and the injury cost us
an extra day's worth.
so let's just say
we need to start heading back. Soon.
All right. I'll start packing up.
[Walt] I'll keep trying them.
Sojourner. Away-1.
I say again. anything from MOCC?
[radio static continues]
[Walt] Sojourner. Away-1.
I say again. anything from MOCC?
- [computer beeping]
- [clicking mouse rapidly]
Goddamn it. [sighs]
[Elena] You know.
I'm starting to wonder if those tholins
are affecting our electronics
like they did the SEEKER.
[Walt] It's certainly a possibility.
[Elena] Well. what if the fluid pooled
in the thermal shielding
and migrated along the wiring harness?
Walt?
What is that?
What is what?
[Walt] That. What are you doing?
Did you… Did you collect more samples
while you were up there getting her?
- I mean. I had a minute to.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
What? I was already up there
and it wasn't that far away.
You are unbelievable.
You know what? Just get out.
Go wait in the buggy.
You're not in command here. Walt.
Well then. uh.
I rescind giving you command.
That's not a thing.
You can't hand off command
- and then just take it back.
- I just did.
- Walt. it's fine.
- [Walt] It's not fine!
It is inexcusable behavior in a long line
of inexcusable behavior.
Walt. listen.
let's both just take a deep breath. okay?
Elena said she saw something.
so yes. I took a sample.
I couldn't leave here
- without knowing what might be.
- Do you hear yourself?
- [Elena] Guys.
- Look. Walt. I know I'm not perfect.
- but neither are you.
- Far from it!
[Elena] Guys!
You have to see this.
[Kelly] This can't be real.
[all laughing]
[screams]
[laughing. exclaiming]
[Nungesser] Aesop. Gidney-1.
Quarter has been depressurized.
That shouldn't be.
Let us get back to you
with a different route. Gidney-1.
You'd think M-6 would send us out here
with accurate maps.
Half the passageways are not
where they're supposed to be.
We cannot let this turn into a siege.
I am Governor Polivanov.
[in Russian]
Governor. good to see you are unharmed.
- What can you tell...
- We agreed on English
as the tactical language for this op.
- [in Russian] Obstinate Americans.
- [in English] English is fine. You. uh…
You mind if I take a seat?
[groans] I feel like I've been on my feet
for days now. [chuckles]
Now. how can I help?
[Tim] Okay. he turned it off.
That's the signal he reached
their tactical command.
- All right.
- [typing]
Means we have five minutes to raise
the O2 level to 100% in that module.
Lenya had better
get the hell outta there by then.
- And then we'll...
- [Aleida] Then you'll what?
Ignite the oxygen
by sparking the electrical system.
You're gonna burn
all those people to death?
You can't do that.
People in that room are here
to kill us by any means necessary.
[Miles] She's right.
We have to strike back.
An eye for an eye.
[Tim] O2 level's at 45%.
[air hissing]
[commander] The bastards are smart.
They're depressurizing modules
to cut off our path.
[groans] "Smart" is too generous.
They have no plan.
They're just desperate peasants
grasping at straws.
If you'll excuse me.
I need to use the bathroom.
Can you help us out with these maps?
Tell us what is correct. what is not.
[Aleida] I know this is a war.
and I know you're fighting for your life.
but you can't do this.
You can't lose your humanity.
We're fighting for our humanity.
That's what this is about.
Don't you see that?
[Tim] Sixty seconds until we can ignite.
Commander.
Got another high-value intel target.
Ilya Breshov. He's on our catch list.
Close with the leader.
[in Russian] Traitorous bastard.
[commander. in English] Mr. Breshov.
where are your weapons stored?
Look. your. uh… [clears throat]
Your chart is all wrong.
Those two men. they despise each other.
You can take him away
with the rest of the prisoners.
I'll give the orders here
if you don't mind.
Now. Mr. Breshov.
we can make this really easy on you.
How many men are defending MOCC?
[sighs] Look. let me. uh…
Let me talk to him privately. General.
Reason with him. huh?
We have history.
Mr. Breshov.
I'm not going anywhere with this man.
[Tim] Fifteen seconds
until the oxygen is at a hundred percent.
[Aleida] Please. don't do this.
You must come with me.
- No. I don't want to.
- Listen to me.
- [in Russian] I won't go.
- Listen to me. please. Listen to me.
[Tim] Oxygen's at a hundred percent.
- I don't think I can do it.
- Thank God. Someone who...
I'll do it.
[Lenya] Please. listen to me!
[footsteps approach]
[keys jingle]
- [metal bars rattle]
- [warden] Ms. Madison. you got a visitor.
- [lock clicks]
- [gate opens]
[Margo] Thank you.
Graciana.
Margo.
[Margo] What are you doing here?
I didn't know where else to go.
- Um. wanna sit?
- Okay. Yeah.
The news says they're attacking the base.
I can't reach my mom.
I've sent her. like. ten vidmails
and she hasn't responded to any of them.
Well. there's a communications blackout
during the invasion.
Nobody can get anything in or out.
And nobody will tell us anything.
I mean. Dad's talked
to all his work contacts.
but NASA wouldn't even take my call.
They just said they'll give my number
to someone.
That's not the NASA I knew.
Dad said there's nothing
we can do from down here
and that we have to be patient.
But I can't.
You're your mother's daughter.
She always said you were
the smartest person she knew.
that there's no problem
you couldn't solve.
So I thought maybe…
maybe you can help me.
I know it's complicated
with you being in here
but I just want to know if she's okay.
Oh. Graci. I wish I could help.
I really do. but I don't know
if that's possible.
You must be able to do something. Please.
Please. Nobody else will help me.
[Kelly] These cells.
their structure's based on methane.
not carbon like on Earth.
So we found a second type of life?
- Yes.
- [laughs]
Yes… [stammers]
…and it's so much bigger than that.
If life were able to form completely
separately from ours in this solar system.
- then that means there's life everywhere.
- It's everywhere.
Everywhere in every solar system
in the universe in some form or another.
I mean… [chuckles] …the possibilities are…
- Endless.
- I can't even process it.
It's…
God. Stu and Oleg are gonna freak out.
[chuckles]
[Kelly sighs]
[radio static crackles]
If only we could reach them. [sighs]
[Elena sighs] The radio's still down.
I can't get a signal in or out.
[beeping]
I think we need to head back to Sojourner.
We've stayed longer than we should have.
The O2 is not at a crisis point.
but it's not good either.
I'll go get the rover fired up.
[engine cranks]
Shit.
[switches click]
[engine cranks]
[sighs] Come on. Come on.
Come on.
[cranking continues]
Shit. [sighs]
[breathing shakily]
[Alex] Help! Help!
- [Avery] Help! Medic!
- [Alex] Medic! Medic!
- [Alex] We need a medic!
- [Avery] Hang on. Haskell.
- [Haskell grunts]
- Medic!
[nurse] All right. this way.
[stammers] Penetrating chest wound
and a-a nicked artery. I think.
He's lost a lot of blood.
[wheezing]
- [medic] Saline. I need saline!
- [Alex] Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
[nurse] Grab all the bandages.
Prep fluids for the volume resuscitation.
Pulse is getting thready. Grading down.
- Start a central line.
- IV on standby.
Where are we with the tourniquet?
Come on. keep breathing. Stay with us.
Hey. check popliteal pulses.
I'm gonna need to engage…
- [panting]
- [nurse] Hang in there.
Hey. you. Keep pressure on that dressing.
I don't want anything more
leaking out of him.
- Where are we with the tourniquet?
- Standing by with suction.
Have we got the tourniquet?
[grunts] I need someone to hold pressure.
Pulses are getting weaker.
We need fluids on board now!
You're fine. you got it. You're fine.
- [nurse 2] Got it! I got it.
- [ragged breathing]
Get more bandages.
- [Avery] You're gonna be all right.
- [medic] Losing too much blood.
[nurse] Okay. I got a pulse.
[Alex] You're okay. Yeah. you're okay.
You're okay. you're okay.
[person 1] Hello?
[automated voice]
This is a prepaid call from…
[Margo's voice] Margo Madison.
[automated voice] …an inmate
at Federal Prison Camp Bryan.
To decline the call. press 9 now.
To accept the call. press 1 now.
[beeps]
The call has been declined. Goodbye.
[line beeping]
- [person 2] Hello?
- This is a prepaid call from…
[Margo's voice] Margo Madison.
[automated voice]
To decline the call. press 9 now.
To accept the call. press 1 now.
- [beeps]
- The call has been declined. Goodbye.
An inmate at Federal Prison Camp Bryan.
To accept the call. press 1 now.
- [beeps]
- The call has been declined. Goodbye.
To accept the call. press 1 now.
- [beeps]
- The call has been declined. Goodbye.
- Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye.
- [Margo's voice] Margo Madison.
[automated voice]
An inmate at Federal Prison Camp Bryan.
- [line beeping]
- To decline the call. press 9 now.
To accept the call. press 1 now.
- [beeps]
- Thank you. The call has been accepted.
Hello. H-Hi.
- Margo?
- Um. thank you for taking my call.
Curiosity got the better of me. I guess.
How's… the family? How is everything?
Margo. I know you're not interested
in small talk.
Okay. uh. I won't beat around the bush.
You're still in touch
with the top brass at OPEF. right?
You helped implement that task force.
[speaker connects]
You do realize that these calls
are monitored and recorded?
Of course. and I-I'm not looking
for any sensitive intelligence.
I just want to know if Aleida Rosales…
If you can tell me anything about her.
- Margo.
- She's in a literal war zone. Will.
They all are.
If it makes a difference. I'm asking for
her daughter. her family. not just me.
Look. even if I had any information.
which I-I do not.
I couldn't share it with you.
No one can.
Everything to do with Mars right now
is operational security protocols.
All right. All right. I-I understand.
I am sorry. Margo.
You know. I wish I could help you.
but you know. sometimes you just…
Can't.
I know.
Thank you for at least taking my call.
It was…
nice to hear your voice.
Yours too.
Take care. Margo.
- [line disconnects]
- Yeah… Oh.
It's working.
They're all headed to Main Street.
[sighs] So glad to see you back.
Glad to be back.
[Ilya] I'm glad you're safe.
All right. let's head
to the business district.
Lots to do. very little time.
[tapping keys]
[tapping continues]
[Irina] I understand your disappointment.
There was a time I was
as idealistic as you.
Perhaps even more so.
But I have learned
that the world is unjust.
I mean. the better angels
of our nature is a nice idea.
but it's not very practical.
I think we're a few generations removed
from animals.
Fueled by anger. spite.
As much as we think we can change.
the cycle will go on.
Generation after generation.
I think you're wrong.
And your philosophy sucks.
How can I help?
You can't.
I haven't been able to communicate
with Sojourner since this all started.
I've tried everything.
If I can't send this new trajectory…
they'll never get off Titan.
You have never struck me
as someone who gives up that easily.
You must keep trying.
So you can talk to your people on Titan.
and I can talk to mine in Moscow.
If you have any ideas. please.
[sighs] I should not say this…
but the KGB did put several
covert surveillance satellites
in polar orbits when I was at Star City.
They weren't as stealthy as you thought.
I tried them too.
So none of them are functional?
But what if…
[Irina] What is it?
The M-6 killed
all the operational satellites. right?
[Irina] Uh-huh.
But what about
the nonoperational satellites?
I'm not following.
When we decommission older satellites.
it's cheaper to just turn them off
and leave them in orbit.
And those satellites functioned
on the older frequencies.
The M-6 won't be looking
for comms on those.
Now. it doesn't have the range
to send a signal to Titan.
but we could send something to Earth.
Problem is. who do we send it to?
Can't trust NASA or Helios Houston
at this point.
Certain friends
at Star City I still have can help us.
And if we transmit
the information to them.
they can send it on to Sojourner.
They would do that?
You're not the only one
who cares about finding life.
This-This satellite is our best shot.
Mm-hmm.
But we need to get
to the Helios compound to connect to it.
All right. Let's go.
Irina. I'm not sure if you've noticed.
but there's a war going on out there.
I'm sure we can find a big strong man
to protect us.
[Irina] You. we need to get
to the Helios compound.
[medic] Vitals are stable.
He's gonna be okay.
He's stable. Doc says he's gonna make it.
[sighs] Thank God.
I don't… I don't know
what I would have done if… if…
I don't know either.
But he's gonna be okay.
You're Alex. right?
He told me about you. On our way here.
I can't… I can't believe
I almost killed him.
[stammers] It happened…
It happened so fast. you know?
[stutters] I didn't even. like…
Yeah.
[sniffles] Yeah.
I shot someone earlier today. A woman.
I'll never forget it.
The look on her face.
I didn't… I didn't even know her.
Who she was…
Why she was here. what she was like.
But I shot her just the same.
Have you ever done that before?
[sniffles] I gotta get back.
Can't you wait it out here?
Standing order.
"Return to your unit as soon as able."
When he's up. tell him to stay put.
Y-Yeah. yeah.
[sniffles]
[Alex] Um. hey.
Um…
At the end of the first hallway.
take a left.
If you go right. it'll just. um…
It'll take you to a fuel storage.
Thank you. Alex.
No problem.
Godspeed. I guess.
Yeah. you too.
[people chattering]
[Miles] All right. you gotta get
these tables and chairs inside.
Can't leave any cover.
Uh. you three. up on catwalk.
Dad.
Oh. thank God.
- [Miles] Mandy!
- [sniffles]
[Mandy breathes heavily]
Are you okay? Are you hurt?
- I'm so glad you're safe.
- [Mandy sighing]
It's. uh. really because of her.
- Thank you for bringing her back to us.
- Yeah. she's a tough cookie.
Like her old man.
[Lee] All right. Everyone.
let's get back to work. no?
Come on!
We are running out of time.
Engine's completely dead.
I know. I told you it was dead.
Well. yeah. but I just had
to double-check. make sure...
[Elena sighs] Guys and their cars.
Well. at least there's enough power
to maintain environmental control.
We're gonna have to get ourselves out.
We have to walk.
[Elena] Well. it's only 20 kilometers.
in 1/7th gravity. so I-I can make it.
Okay? I might just have to take
a couple of painkillers. that's all.
[sighs] That's not even the issue.
There isn't enough O2 for us to walk back.
Especially with your injury.
Shit.
[sighs] I'm-I'm sorry. I… If I hadn't...
[Kelly] Don't do that.
You have nothing to apologize for.
Everything that's happened
led us to one of
the biggest discoveries in human history.
Yeah. but right now no one other than
the three of us knows what we found.
Not Stu and Oleg.
Not Mars. Not Houston. No one.
And if we can't make it back to Sojourner.
no one ever will.
There's only one way
we'd have enough O2 to make it back.
One of us stays behind.
[Elena] No. you cannot be serious.
You mean stay behind. like...
If we all try to make it back.
we'll definitely run out of O2.
This is the only way
at least two of us can survive.
She's right.
I'll stay.
What? No. it should be me.
I'm mission commander.
Only because I named you
the mission commander.
- That was… It was temporary.
- That's not how this works. Walt.
- I'm staying behind. That's final.
- There's no way. Absolutely not.
All right. This is crazy. I'm the one
whose leg is going to slow us down. okay?
- I'm the one who should stay.
- No.
Out of the question.
Look. we're not arguing about this.
I am staying. It's the right thing to do.
Why?
"Why?" Because… [stammers]
- …you know. I'm a…
- A man?
- [stammers] Well. uh. yeah.
- Jesus Christ.
Well. look. putting aside society's views
on the matter. even in scientific terms.
as a male. my metabolic rate
is higher than either of yours.
Walt. you have a family.
A wife. three young kids.
You have a son.
And it breaks my heart
I won't see him again.
But he's grown now.
He'll be okay. I know he will.
You have to get back to your family. Walt.
No. I-I can't. Kelly. I'm...
Even with the extra O2.
you'll be cutting it close.
We need to get you packed up
and moving now.
- Kelly...
- If you don't go now. we all die here.
This is too important. [breathes shakily]
[Marine] Do not move! Drop your weapon!
Place your hands on your head!
Everybody down. Take cover.
Take cover. Hold your fire...
[gunshots]
[Lily] Oh. God.
[gunshots continue]
Alex. we need to talk.
I have nothing to say to you. so…
What are you doing?
Dima needs medical supplies.
The ones that you stole.
You remember that?
Yeah. otherwise
a lot more people are gonna die.
I know that you're angry.
- Alex.
- Don't fucking…
You have every reason to be.
You have to believe me.
I did everything that I could
to put an end to this all.
You sure have a funny fucking way
of showing it.
Sabotaging us.
destroying all our food with no thought
of what could happen after.
Like Gulsora.
What happened to her.
to all of you…
It was a terrible mistake.
I did everything that I could
to avoid collateral damage.
I thought I had considered
all the permutations.
- I just couldn't see that...
- You didn't want to see it.
All you cared about was Meru.
I see that now.
I was so focused on bringing
the right people to Mars…
I couldn't see that the right people
were here all along.
Whatever. Whatever. I did not come here
to hash shit out with you. Okay?
I gotta get these supplies to the med bay.
[Dev] I got a better idea.
I'll have my security detail bring them
to Dima.
That way. it'll be faster and more secure.
You can stay with your friend.
[sighs]
Get these supplies and whatever else
that they can spare down to the med bay.
[security] Yes. sir.
[newscaster] In the midst of the conflict
between the M-6 and Mars.
one of the key figures here
on Earth has gone missing.
Soviet President Fyodor Korzhenko has not
been seen in more than 24 hours.
Sources inside the Kremlin
say he has gone
to his vacation home in Crimea. but…
- Miss Madison. you have a visitor.
- …the timing of this has many questioning
the status of Korzhenko's standing
in the Soviet government.
The once hard-line president
has faced mounting pressure…
[Margo] I'm sorry. Graciana.
I tried.
I really… I really did.
I know.
The truth is…
not everything can be fixed.
Some problems
can't be worked.
Some you…
you just have to live with.
[breathes shakily]
[intercom beeps]
- [security guard] Yes. go ahead.
- Open the door.
[security guard] Who is it?
It's the fucking CEO.
[door opens]
No. that won't be necessary.
Good to see you. Aleida.
What can I do for you?
I'm glad you asked.
I need to borrow your computer.
We should just be high enough
above the valley floor
to get a signal over the mountains.
[computer beeping]
[Irina] The signal
is still not going through.
Shit.
[Irina sighs]
We just need a higher antenna.
Why? You got one?
Well. not in so many words.
Mojega.
[Marine] Hump.
Jesus. Tabasco. you scared
the shit out of me.
I thought you were dead.
Glad to see you guys.
[indistinct chattering]
Haskell?
He was hit.
Got him to an aid station.
He's gonna make it.
We lost Cedar.
Everything's fubar.
Sarge doesn't know where the hell we are.
Marsies took out all the command.
Jesus.
Are we falling back?
Proceeding on orders given
until we hear otherwise.
Bravo and Delta are still moving forward.
We're just about to join a push on MOCC.
Hernandez. let's go!
Come on. we're moving out.
Okay. the Helios transmitters have been
tapped into the elevator's central cable.
You should be good to begin transmitting.
[Alex] All right. it's trying
to send the signal.
It's not transmitting.
- [Aleida] Damn it. This should...
- No. look. It's working.
Okay. Uh. hang on. I'm gonna funnel
your data through Helios-DC9.
Okay. Uh. Sojourner's ascent trajectory
is on its way to Star City now.
Uh. hang on. Wait.
Um. it looks like we're receiving
a shitload of data from Star City.
Receiving?
Yeah. Um. just a bunch of video messages
it looks like they were sending over
the same frequency.
It must be from my contact.
Can you show me?
Yeah.
[in Russian] I don't know if you
are receiving these messages or not.
There have been dramatic developments
on the ground.
[Marine. in English] This sure
as shit doesn't look like MOCC.
We gotta keep moving.
Let's check that door.
[door opens]
Movement on our right.
- Mojega.
- [Nungesser] Hump.
You're here too. huh?
Yep.
[Nungesser] We got turned around. We. uh…
We thought we were going towards MOCC.
[Fleming] Yeah. so did we.
I don't like this.
[Nungesser] Everyone.
keep your eyes and ears open.
[Hernandez] Aye. aye. sergeant.
[Fleming] We're northwest
of our objective.
I think MOCC's down that way.
Contact above! Above! Above!
[clamoring]
Don't fucking move!
[Miles] We have you surrounded!
Put your weapons down
and no one gets hurt!
- [speaking Russian]
- [Aleida] What's he saying?
[Irina] The oligarchs
have removed Korzhenko from power.
They are pulling the USSR out of the M-6.
and they have demanded
a temporary cease-fire.
So it's over.
- [Irina] No. wait.
- [Russian continues]
He says the USS Bradford has
been desperately trying to reach
its troops in Happy Valley.
but they cannot get through.
We took out their command center.
It must have cut off the connection
to the relay satellite.
You took out their command?
Okay. so you're telling me
that no one knows about the cease-fire.
Oh. God. They're gonna kill
each other for no reason.
Okay. we have to tell them.
Well. even if you can get there in time.
M-6 troops are trained
to carry out their last order
until they hear differently
from their commanders.
It won't change a thing.
We have to try. Dev.
If I can manually redirect
our new antenna's signal
so it can reach Bradford.
then I think we can transmit their message
to their troops ourselves.
But to redirect the signal
you'd have to. uh...
Go to the top.
I can make it up there.
That won't stop Marsies from shooting.
Right. they have no comms.
We need to tell them
about the cease-fire too.
I'll go. I can warn them.
No. Alex…
No. I can't let you do that.
[Irina] It doesn't matter.
They're on the other side of the base.
There's no way he can get there in time.
No. actually…
Actually. there's a way
I can get there fast enough.
[vehicle engine revving]
Wow.
Not exactly up there to sightsee. Dev.
Have you reached the top?
[Dev] Almost.
[clamoring]
Put your weapons down!
- You first!
- [Miles] You are all surrounded.
[soldiers. rebels clamoring]
[Miles] I said. "Put down your weapons!"
[Fleming] We gotta get
the fuck out of this situation.
- Stand down!
- Right now!
- [soldiers. rebels clamoring continues]
- Pop smoke. Now.
Now!
- [soldiers clamoring]
- [Fleming] Find cover!
- [gunshots]
- Use the windows!
- [Nungesser] Take cover!
- Jensen. get the back.
Nobody gets behind us.
On me! Behind the bar!
Get those comms up!
- [soldier screams]
- Zeke's down!
Come on. Come on.
- Get out of the way!
- [pedestrian screams]
All stations. Mayday!
Rocky-1 taking heavy fire.
- Anything?
- No.
Keep trying.
Request immediate reinforcements.
We are in a world of shit here.
[gunshots]
[grunts]
- What the fuck. Jarrett?
- [sighs]
[Dev] Are we having signal lock?
A few degrees north-northwest.
[gunshots]
[commander. speaks indistinctly] I repeat…
Cease-fire.
cease-fire on all military actions.
Cease fire. Cease fire!
- It's over!
- Cease-fire! Cease-fire!
- …military action. I repeat. cease-fire.
- Cease-fire!
Cease fire! Cease fire!
Hold your fire! Cease fire! Cease fire!
[gunshots stop]
Cease-fire?
[breathing heavily]
[Irina sighs]
[Walt. Elena breathing heavily]
[Kelly] If you're seeing this. Alex…
Then that means Walt and the rest
of the Sojourner crew have made it back.
And what they brought with them
will change everything we thought we knew.
About our universe…
And about ourselves.
It will challenge us to dig deeper.
To find ways to go even further.
To bring the world together
in a common purpose.
With new allies…
Even unexpected ones.
I know that won't make this any easier…
But I hope one day you
can understand why I made this choice.
[no audible dialogue]
And forgive me…
when you're ready to.
The truth is…
life is uncertain.
It doesn't always go how you expect it to.
There's only so much you can control.
The family you're born into
isn't necessarily
the family you end up with.
Those you once considered enemies
might just be who you need the most.
[Kelly sighs] And what you think
is just a stop along the way…
Might become your final destination.
Like how I got to America.
[no audible dialogue]
And how you got to Mars.
And where we all go from here.
Sweetie. I'm so sorry.
I won't get to see what's next
for you in your life.
But please know
you've already made me so proud.
You're kind and curious
and so full of passion.
[Lily sniffles]
[Kelly] I know
this sounds crazy but… [sighs]
…I can feel Grandpa with me here.
I hope you feel that too.
Because I will be with you.
I love you. Alex.
Always.
[breathing heavily]
[wind whistling]
[gasps]
Oh. my God.
["Blinding Lights" playing]
♪ I've been tryna call ♪
♪ I've been on my own for long enough ♪
♪ Maybe you can show me how to love ♪
♪ Maybe ♪
♪ I'm goin' through withdrawals ♪
♪ You don't even have to do too much ♪
♪ You can turn me on with just a touch ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ I look around
And Sin City's cold and empty ♪
♪ No one's around to judge me ♪
♪ I can't see clearly when you're gone ♪
♪ I said. ooh ♪
♪ I'm blinded by the lights ♪
♪ No. I can't sleep
Until I feel your touch ♪
♪ I said. ooh ♪
♪ I'm drowning in the night ♪
♪ Oh. when I'm like this
You're the one I trust ♪
["Blinding Lights" continues]